Final Project: Iterating your full stack application with design, accessibility and usability
Due Wednesday by 2:59am
 
Points 250
 
Submitting a website url
 
Available after Mar 20 at 1:35pm
Ok, so you created a full stack application using Node + Expres + Mongo + React. Now, you will iterate over that same application incorporating concepts of design, accessibility and usability
Here is the tentative rubric:

Does the app accomplish all the requirements approved in #project    15
Is the app usable? Does it include instructions on how to be used?    5
Is the app actually useful? Would a final user be able to use it?    5
The code includes an eslint config file and it doesn't throw any error    5
Is the code properly organized. Each react component in its own file. Database files separate, CSS into folders, etc.    5
Does it implement at least 3 React Components    15
Is the project deployed on a public server? Does it work there?    5
Does it use at least 2 Mongo Collections, supporting CRUD operations on them?    15
Is the database populated with at least 1k synthetic records?    10
Does the app use node + express    5
All the code is formatted using Prettier    5
Doesn't use non standard tags for accomplishing tasks that should be done with standard components? e.g. Buttons implemented with divs or spans    5
Is the CSS organized by Modules? Each module has its own css file as shown in class    5
Clear and descriptive README including: * Author * Class Link * Project Objective * Screenshot * Instructions to build    10
It doesn't expose any secret credentials such as the Mongo USER and Password    10
Does it include a package.json file listing all the dependencies of the project    5
Does it use MIT license    5
The project doesn't include leftover code that isn't used. e.g. routes/users.js or the default react faveicon    5
Is the google Form submission correct (thumbnail displays correctly, and links work as well)    5
Does it include a short public and narrated video demonstrating the application     10
The code was frozen on time (24 hours before class). Video, slides and deployment were completed before class    5
Defines PropTypes for every React Collection 5
Does it implement the hierarchy of design? The most important elements are salient and from the top left    5
Is everything properly aligned and spaced    10
Does the app use a color consistent color palette that is aligned with the app purpose. Does it use consistent approval - cancel colors accross the whole app?    10
Does it implement an adequate typography, using typography matching or other techniques and using fonts different than the default ones    10
Can the whole application be used just with the keyboard?    10
Does the application pass the accessibility tests with axe or at least lighthouse without generating any errors/warnings without proper justification?    10
Usability study report with 3 participants per project member    30
Make sure your html elements are in the semantic order 5
    
[BONUS points] Is it top 3 of the class (according to TA)    20
 
 
Rubric
Final Project Rubric (1)
Total Points: 270
